Hey, can you please send an email off to
Greg letting him know that we're going
to be getting donuts tomorrow in the San
Francisco area from 5 to 6:00 p.m. If
you could also book the appointment
right away, just book it in for 5 to 6
p.m. with Greg. We want to be doing some
research on the donut places in the San
Francisco area. Then just send some of
the options off to Greg. And there we
go. All agents were just triggered in
that request. We got some emails sent
out. We got a calendar booked in. And we
got our research agent going as well.
This is the appointment it just made
with Greg. So, appointment with Greg for
tomorrow at 5 to 6 p.m., which is
awesome. And this right here is the
email that it also sent off to Greg as
well, telling him that we've got an
appointment tomorrow from 5 to 6:00 p.m.
to go eat donuts in San Francisco. And
here are some of the best places that
I've researched that it has found as
well. And if we have a look at the
actual researched agent and look at
Perplexity, you'll see all the research
that it did here. You'll see that it's
got a lot of articles that went through
with the best donuts in San Francisco.
bunch of other articles here as well as
to everything that I did research on
that went back to the research agent and
sent through a bunch of different
locations that we could go to which was
obviously emailed to Greg as well. All
right, so let's get started in building
out this agent. You saw the demo there.
We're going to be able to plug this into
Telegram. We're going to be able to
speak with it over the phone and get it
to do any of the tasks that we want it
to. So, jumping right in. This right
here is NadN and I'm going to be doing
the complete build out from scratch. I'm
going to showcase exactly how to build
every individual agent a part of this
agent and also how to connect Telegram
and create the Telegram connection with
the bot and everything that you need to
know to get this up and running. But if
you do want to speed this up and you
don't want to follow through and build
it out yourself, I will have this
template and all of the agent templates
connected in this system within my free
school community which I'll have linked
in the description. We've got over
19,000 members now. We've got 50 plus
other AI agent templates and courses and
it is 100% free. So, I definitely would
recommend joining and I've got the link
in the description. All right, so to
kick it off, the first thing that we're
going to go ahead and do is get our
Telegram agent bot set up so that we can
send it messages and send it those voice
messages as well so we can talk to it
and then we're going to connect this to
NN. So, to get the Telegram bot set up,
you'll have to go over to Telegram. This
right here is the web app for Telegram.
This also works on your phone as well of
course and the way to create a bot is to
go to a particular bot on Telegram
called the bot father. So you can send a
message to the bot father by sending a
message to the username of atbotf
father. This is a telegram created
system to actually generate the bots
that we can use in automations uh like
the one that I'm going to be building.
And all that we need to do is just
follow the instructions that it gives us
when we start the conversation with it.
And you can see here that it has a bunch
of pre-made messages that you can send
off to do a bunch of actions. So in our
case, we want to create a new bot. And
all we need to type is /nebot. So I can
type / newbot. This is going to allow us
to trigger the the process to create
that new bot. It's going to ask us what
we'd like to name it. And I can name
this whatever I would like. And then
it's going to ask us for actually
creating a username for it. So I'm just
going to add the same name and then put
underscorebot. pretty much just
following the instructions that it gives
us. And then the next message is going
to be giving us an access token. We can
copy this access token and then use it
on Naden in just a second. Overall,
pretty simple to get that up and
running. But once we're on NN, what we
need to do is jump into add a first step
and then type Telegram. So Telegram is a
native module here on NN, which is nice.
And we can just click into the triggers
of Telegram and then just click on
message. So that just means that on a
new message when it's received, we are
going to be able to trigger this
workflow and handle that message and
then eventually respond to it. Once
you've got this on the page, just double
clicking into this actual uh step here.
At the top, you'll see credential to
connect with. So in here, this is where
you're going to connect your actual
credential for that Telegram bot. So the
access token is the access token that
was generated right here. Just copy and
paste it directly into this box and hit
save. A green box will pop up telling
you that it's connected. Uh, and that's
all you need to do. So, I've connected
my agent. That is all ready to go. And
we should be able to now send a message
into NN. And if you want to test it, you
can just hit the execute workflow button
right here. Jump into Telegram and just
send it a message. And once you've done
that, clicking into the step right here,
you'll see that the actual message will
come through. And all the way at the
bottom, you'll see text. And that is the
message I just sent through. So, hello.
I just sent that through. Uh, and that
is obviously working. Now, the next
module that I'm going to throw in here
is going to be a switch step. So, the
reason we're adding in a switch step in
this case is that we're going to have
two different pathways based on the
message that is sent through for
Telegram. So, I want this to be able to
handle voice messages that are sent
through so we can talk to it very
naturally over the phone on Telegram,
but we also want to be able to actually
just send it some text. And so, we need
to create a condition to split those
pathways so that we can handle them just
a bit differently. So, making sure to
connect the Telegram message here, you
can just drag it and connect it directly
to the switch node. And then jumping
into the switch node right here, we're
just going to be setting two routing
rules for our conditions. So, if I click
add routing rule right here, and I jump
out of this, you'll see we've got two
pathways now added. So, depending on the
conditions that we have in the switch
node, it will go down one path or the
other. So, to do this, we're going to go
ahead and go down to the bottom left
right here where the text says hello.
I'm going to drag that into the first
routing rule. And all I'm going to do is
swap this condition tab right here. Go
into string and then put it on exists.
So if this string of JSON dossage.ext
exists at all. So that would only exist
if we actually sent it a message and
that value could be populated, then we
know that we've received text and we can
continue down and actually respond to
that text. Jumping out of this, we're
going to go ahead and hit execute
workflow once again. And the reason that
I'm going to do that is cuz I am now
going to send it a voice message so we
can detect it in our switch as well. So
if I just hold down on this button right
here. Hey, this is just a test of the
Telegram voice. There we go. I just sent
through a voice message on Telegram.
This has just ran through automatically.
We can see it's already trying to go
down this pathway. So we could actually
leave it empty and it potentially might
still work. But what we can do is look
down at the bottom of this request where
we see voice. So, this is obviously only
going to populate if a voice message has
been sent through in the first place.
So, there's a few different things that
we can do, but what I'll do is grab this
file ID right here, throw it into this,
and then I'll say if this string exists
at all. So, obviously, if we get a voice
file ID, then that means that a voice
message was sent through. So, now we've
got our two different pathways, and now
we can start to do something with them.
I'll continue to build out the actual
voice based message flow right here. So
I'll click on the plus button of the
bottom which was for the voice and I'm
going to type in telegram once again.
What we need to do is go down to file
actions and do get a file. So obviously
this text or this voice that we're
sending through isn't automatically
getting transcribed into text. That is
something that we have to do ourselves.
So this is something that we can do by
using this particular module for get a
file. And jumping into the file ID,
you'll see that we've been given a
prompt to provide a file ID. And as you
can remember, the the voice does give us
this file ID. So I can drop that into
this. And that is going to be able to
look at that file, get that file, and
bring it back into our flow so that it's
actually usable for for other stuff. And
just to give this a test, I'm going to
hit execute step. And we should see the
data populate right here for that audio
file. And if I just click view, you'll
now see this audio thing pops up right
here. And I can hit play and listen to
it. Hey, this is just a test of the
Telegram voice. So perfect. That's
exactly what I just sent through, of
course. And now we can use it throughout
the flow. So next I'm going to jump into
doing an open AI transcription of audio.
So in the open AI step here on NEN, if
we just type transcribe, you'll see that
we've got transcribe a recording. And so
all this does is that we're using this
specific chatbt module to listen to our
recording and then transcribe it using
AI. And this is going to give us the
exact text that we can then use to send
to our agent to do the rest of our
actions later and throughout the flow.
We've added the transcribe module and
making sure that it's connected to the
get a file module. This is pretty much
automatically all set up for us. There's
nothing we actually have to do to set up
or configure this. As long as the input
data field name is set to data, and that
is the exact same as what's coming from
the getter file, it's pretty much going
to be set up for us. And we can test
this by clicking execute step. It is
going to transcribe that recording and
we're going to get the text and we can
see here, hey, this is just a test of
the Telegram voice. So, awesome. That
did exactly what I was expecting it to.
And now we can reference this later in
the flow. Now, for the text flow, all
that I'm going to do is do an edit
field. So, if I grab this right here,
the edit fields module, all I'm going to
do is take the telegram text message,
and I'm going to assign it with a
specific variable that we can use and
reference later on in our flow. Now, the
reason for this is that we don't want to
reference the actual message that's
coming from Telegram if we go down the
voice flow because then this variable
won't be set at all and the value will
be incorrect and it could break the
flow. So, we're just adding an edit
field to set it custom. So, in here, if
I click add a field, we can just set
this to whatever we'd like. And I can
just type
your text. Can name that whatever.
Doesn't have to be that, of course. And
then we can jump into our Telegram
trigger and then just grab the text. And
because we didn't run that previously,
we will just need to run it again. So,
hit execute workflow, jump to Telegram,
type hello there, send it through.
That's come through, edit fields, and
now we can reference it. So, that is
going to be equal to this text. Uh, and
that's pretty much good to go. So, the
next thing that we're going to do is
build out our AI agent. This is going to
be the main AI agent, the sort of
central one that connects into all of
our other connections. And this is
what's going to be communicating back
and forth with us as a user. So, just
clicking in the top right, we're going
to jump into the AI step, of course, and
click into AI agent. Putting this on the
page, we're going to plug this into our
agent. And we're going to plug this flow
into our agent as well. I'm going to
click on the agent. I'm going to hit
spacebar, and I'm going to rename this
the personal assistant AI agent. Don't
need to do that, of course, but it's
good to to get some naming convention.
And then I'm going to set up a couple of
the default basic settings for an AI
agent. So, obviously adding in our chat
model. I'm going to add in Open Router.
This gives us access to a bunch of
different AI models. Makes it super easy
to connect to. I've just selected GPT
4.1 Mini, but depending on the
complexity of your use case, you might
want to use a more intelligent, more
expensive model, a slower model, or a
quicker model. But otherwise, we're just
going to do this for now. I'll jump into
memory. I'm just going to click on the
simple memory from NN. We don't have to
do anything too crazy at the moment for
our memory. if we do have some more
complex requirements and we want to
store data and just do it better.
Obviously, we can use some of the other
memory tools, but we're just going to
use simple memory for now. And because
we aren't using the chat trigger node,
default and then will always put the
connected chat trigger node to our
memory. This is not correct. We need to
change this to defined below and then
just add in our own key here. So, this
key is just determining which
conversation this bit of memory is
relevant to. We can just type in
whatever we'd like here. In my case, I
do want it to have context on all of the
conversations that I've had with it in
the past so that it can reference that
conversational history and then maybe
make some smarter decisions based on it.
And I could grab this from ID right
here, which is related to my own
Telegram account. So, if I grab this ID,
it just means that every conversation
that I have with it, all of that memory
is going to be associated with a line
that is relevant to my own Telegram
account. So no matter what, whenever we
message this thing, it is going to
remember us and it's going to be able to
reference that past chat history. Next,
we have to configure our tools. Now,
I'll jump back into this in just a
second. I will complete the entire flow
and then jump back into the tools.
Obviously, the tools are going to be the
main juice, the main part of this entire
agent setup. This system is going to be
a multi- aent system. So, I'm not just
going to be building out some workflows
to communicate with, but we're going to
be building out other agents in other
flows and workflows that we're going to
call to, as you saw in the demo. Uh, and
we're going to be able to do that all
from the tool call. So, just to complete
this right now, I'm going to hit the
plus button at the end of our AI agent
step right here. I'm going to jump back
into the Telegram module. I'm just going
to type in message right here. We got a
few different options. We just want to
select send a text message. There's a
couple of fields that we'll need to fill
out in the send a text message with the
chat ID and the text. Obviously, the
chat ID is referring to the specific
conversation that we want to be sending
this message into. So, we can reference
that from the first Telegram node right
here. So, I'll just rerun this. I'm
going to delete this flow right here and
hit execute workflow. I'll just jump in
and send it a message and see if we can
get that to go through. Looks like our
agent failed here because we didn't give
it a prompt. So, I would recommend just
giving it a very basic prompt right
away. So, this is going to be defined
below. I'm just going to say hello and
AI. Obviously, that's the the world's
worst prompt. Uh, but just to get it to
work, I'm going to put that in there.
We'll just connect this. And then just
to make sure that it works, I'm just
going to connect this to our Telegram
step and just type in a random ID and
some random text. Hit execute workflow,
jump into Telegram, send it a message
should come all the way through. And
then we can now reference the proper
data. So if I get rid of this chat ID,
Telegram trigger, we should see a chat
ID, which is this one under chat. Put
that in there. And then the text is
going to come from our personal
assistant AI agent, which is going to be
the output. So cool. That's good to go.
Okay, I can hit execute step and it
should come through on Telegram. Oh, so
that didn't work. That's just because my
credential is actually on the wrong one.
I'm going to swap it over to the one
that I just created. Execute step and
that has just come through. So, here we
go. Hello. Yes, I am an AI. How can I
assist you today? You'll see that
actually has a bit of sort of a
watermark at the bottom. This message
was sent automatically with NN. We can
get rid of that by going to the bottom
here, click add field, and then go to
append n attribution. Click that and
turn it off if we don't want it. So, at
this point, we can hit save. We
obviously don't want to lose it at this
point, but we're going to be now
building out our tools, building out the
main juice of this particular agent, so
we can start to communicate with real
tools, get some real value out of it,
and have them all talk to each other.
So, this can literally be my own
personal assistant AI agent. So, the
first two areas that I want to cover, as
you saw in the demo, will be an email
function so that I can tell our agent to
send emails off, draft emails, do
whatever I would like it to related to
my Gmail inbox. I want it to be able to
handle that. Second to that, we're going
to be doing a full-on Google calendar
integration. So, if I want to create
events, delete events, reschedule
events, I am going to give it the
full-on capability to do all of that,
and it is going to be able to really all
respond to each other. So, jumping over
into a brand new NN workflow, we're
going to go ahead and build out the
email agent that we're going to connect
into our personal assistant agent. So,
the first thing that I'm going to do is
click on add a first step, of course,
and I'm going to add in a trigger to
trigger it from a different workflow. So
you can see here on the triggers when
executed by another workflow. So if I
click on this, this is going to allow us
to get all the settings necessary in
order to call it essentially as its own
tool, but still being its own obviously
a workflow and an agent that can do its
own reasoning and tool calling, although
it's all going to happen based on what
our other agent says. Hopefully that
made sense. I'm going to go ahead and
just rename this agent at the top here
to our AI email agent-personal
assistant. This can be named whatever
you want of course, but do make sure to
name it as we're going to come back into
our main flow here. We're going to click
onto the tool here and we're going to go
into the call and then workflow tool. If
I click into this, we're going to get
these settings here, namely the workflow
at the bottom here. If I click choose,
you're going to see a bunch of agents
and workflows pop up from your existing
Naden account. And from this, we can
just select the AI email agent personal
assistant that I just created. And now
we are able to access that agent
directly from a tool call, which is
pretty awesome that we're able to do
that. And it's so easy to do it as well.
If you'd like, we can rename this by
clicking the space bar once again. And
I'm probably just going to call this the
email agent. So that's good to go. We've
got the email agent here. We can jump
back into this flow and we can build out
everything necessary for our email
agent. So the first thing that I'm going
to do is just jump into this when
executed by another workflow step. And
I'm going to create a field. And this
field is going to be relevant to the
types of data that we want to send into
our email agent. So on our first agent
here, we are going to be obviously
sending messages to it. And we're going
to have our personal assistant agent
talking back and forth with us, trying
to determine what we want to do. And
then it's going to send a message off to
our email agent essentially commanding
it to do something specifically related
to emails. And so because our agent is
going to be handling this, it's likely
going to be a message generated by the
agent. So I'm not exactly sure what it's
going to tell our email agent to do.
It's going to be some sort of request to
send an email or do something related to
emails. And so all that I'm going to do
is jump into this and I'm going to
create a field called request. And so
it's going to be for our AI to
understand. And so this is just going to
allow us to accept one sort of string, a
big text message for our request to then
be used within our next workflow. And so
I've added in this variable here. Once
you've done that, you'll see that the
error goes away. We can jump into our
email agent tool, making sure to hit the
save button up here. And then if we come
back to this agent, jump into our our
email agent tool call, you'll see that
the workflow input populates a new tab
or a new box at the bottom here where we
can put in our request. I'm just going
to click on this let the model define
the parameter. That just means the AI
itself is going to determine what that
request is going to be for our email
agent. So that's good to go. We're now
going to be calling this workflow for
our email agent. And I'm going to very
simply just add in our email agent. Once
again, it's not going to be connected to
a chat trigger node. Obviously, we're
going to do define below. And then what
we can do is execute previous nodes. We
are probably going to have to run the
workflow entirely to get that variable
to come through. Although, we're just
going to be putting the request that
comes from the previous agent into our
prompt for our email agent. So, what I
might do is send a message off to
Telegram telling it to send an email.
And hopefully, it's got enough context
from the name there to to actually run
that tool call. So, send an email to to
Greg. And then, oh, we didn't hit
execute workflow. So, make sure to do
that. Uh, looks like it's coming through
now. And there we go. Okay. So, it
doesn't look like our tool call was
actually ran in this case. So, it looks
like we will need to do a little bit of
prompting. So, I'm going to tell it,
please use our please use the email tool
when the user requests requests it. So,
once again, world's worst prompt,
although we're going to be coming back
and and doing a better job there. And
then we're going to type call this call
this tool when we need to do anything
with emails. So the description here is
used specifically for our agent to
understand when it should be using this
tool. And the prompt up here is the main
system message prompt that we're going
to be using to shape the conversation
and to really give context to our main
agent as to what its purpose is overall.
So I'll give that a go. I'm going to hit
execute workflow. Please send an email
to Greg. See if that goes through.
Running again. And it hasn't hit our
tool call still. That's a bit annoying.
I'll try add some better prompt
conditioning here. And so the reason
that it's actually throwing up this
error that I just realized is that we're
actually not referencing any of the text
and messages that are coming through
from my messages in Telegram for this
agent. This agent's actually got no
context as to what I'm even saying in
the first place. Uh which I should have
assumed. But what we can do is just add
our system message in the options here.
We could probably take this as our
system prompt and just paste it down
here. The system message is more to do
with the actual structure as to how our
agent works and responds. So the system
message is best to have that type of
context. And our user message is going
to be the the user message of course. So
pretty straightforward. We'll grab the
telegram text and put it in here because
we are also going to be using the the
transcriber recording to do the voices
as well. We would want to put that
variable in here so we can listen to our
voice recordings as well. But just for
the purpose of this demo, I'll hit save
or hit execute workflow and that should
be good to go. So, please send an email
to Greg. And that should hopefully run
that tool call. And it still hasn't run
the tool call. And if I jump into here,
it says, could you please provide me
with content on the email you would like
to send to Greg? So, it's kind of
getting a little bit in depth already
here, even with practically no
prompting. So, I'm just going to tell it
um tell Greg to make my lunch. Greg Greg
atinflate. Agency. We'll see if that
works. Execute workflow once again. get
that email through and hopefully it
there we go. Okay, it's called it. It
was being a bit restrictive there, but
if I jump back over to our email agent,
you can see that it's actually tried to
run it again. Jump into here. Hit
execute previous note. Click into our
editor and I'm just going to run this
one more time. I'm going to tell it to
please send that again. That should
hopefully hit our email agent. We're
going to execute workflow here. That's
now come through uh directly from our
tool call, which is awesome. And I can
now put our agent back in once again.
So, we can actually reference that. So,
in our agent, you'll see we've got the
request type. It says null right here.
Although, for whatever reason, it just
isn't actually referencing what it
actually says. This is working, though,
so we don't have to worry about that.
Click define below. We can put the
request in the user message. And this
agent is ready to go. So, I'll go ahead
and build out this email agent. I'm
going to rename this the email agent for
for naming sake. And I'm going to add a
chat model for open router, of course.
Going to add this as my account. And
click on memory. Simple memory. Once
again, this is going to be referencing
the actual key from before. So maybe
that is something that we want to bring
through from the other agent step. I'm
just going to add a new field here at
the start. And we just want to bring
through the Telegram ID that's
associated with myself as a Telegram
user. So we can actually store that in
the memory. So the agent just has a
little bit more context and the the
responses and output from it are just
that bit better. So I've got the
Telegram ID. I'll exit out of this. Hit
the save button. Jump back over here.
Email agent. This should populate in a
second. I'll hit refresh Telegram ID.
Perfect. We'll click on mapping and then
we'll scroll down to where we can get
the from ID. So cool. We'll drag and
drop that in there. And now we can
essentially be sending that off to our
other agent. And so once that populates
here, our email agent should have
context of that. We'll have to run it
once again to get that value through.
But we can use this as our memory. So
I'll quickly just run this and see if we
can get that to work. So I'm going to
hit save and then I am going to run this
once again. I'm going to send it a
message. execute workflow. Um, please
try again. Greg's going to be getting a
lot of emails here. Email agent should
hopefully trigger. Looks like an error
probably because of that value. So,
we'll click into here. There was an uh
there was an error in the sub node of
simple memory. So, I do know what that's
referring to. It's referring to this
having failed. So, what I might do is
just disconnect this completely at the
moment. I'll hit save. I'm going to
delete the memory just so it doesn't
throw up an error. I'm going to hit save
once again. Execute workflow here. Tell
it to try again. And then that should go
through and we can use it as a value um
in our flow. So that just ran through
and that should be good to go. And we
saw it come through on here as well. So
I can jump into add memory again. Delete
this define parameter and then put the
telegram ID. So hopefully that makes
sense. We're just referencing that
telegram ID as our memory once again.
Exactly how we did it on on the first
agent here. So we've got context across
all of our agents and the conversational
chat history is exactly the same. So,
jumping into the fun stuff, we're going
to now add some tools that are relevant
to the email agent. And namely, I'm just
going to be using the Gmail tool to do
this. So, it's a pretty easy thing to
get set up and running. And there's a
lot of different tools that Naden has
natively integrated in order to to talk
to Gmail in many different ways. There's
other modules as well like Outlook and
and other email tool and providers. Uh,
but this is is pretty easy to get going.
So, the first thing that I'm going to
add to our email tool here is just the
ability to send emails. So, super basic.
What I'll do is just add in the send
operation right here. And super simple.
I'm just going to go ahead and let the
AI decide exactly what we want to do
with the sending of the sending of an
email. The two field, let it define it.
The subject, it can define it. And the
message, I'm going to let it define it
as well. We're going going full AI here.
It is going to be handling everything to
do with actually sending the email off.
I'll just rename this to make it a
little bit easier. So, we're going to do
send a send an email. It's probably the
easiest. The next tool that I'm going to
do is add in not just sending an email,
but actually just creating a draft. I'm
going to set it up so it's going to be a
bit conditional and our agent is going
to determine if an email is high risk
enough that we probably shouldn't be
sending it off as an AI and that we
should be sending it as a draft instead.
So it gives us some options that if we
have to give a client some pricing
information, something like that and we
don't want the AI to have full control
over that. We've got an option to just
create a draft rather than just sending
it off. So this is super easy to do.
Just creating a tool, jumping into
Gmail, Gmail tool, we'll see resource at
the top here. We just need to swap that
over to draft. So we're not doing a
message in this case. We're not sending
an email. We're just creating a draft.
The operation is going to be create
because we're creating one. And then for
everything else, we are going to be able
to just let the AI decide exactly what
to fill. So that's good to go. I'm going
to rename this to create a draft. And
then lastly, I want to be able to get
some emails from my own inbox. So, if I
have a question about an email that I
received at some point or I have a
question about a potential email I may
have received or I'm trying to get
context, we want to be able to retrieve
some emails as well. And this is just as
easy as the rest. Jump into the Gmail
tool. We're going to be able to change
the operation from send to get many. And
get many is literally just getting many
emails. So, it's going to be getting all
of the most recent emails for a certain
limit that we set that that we set it
to. Uh, at the moment, by default, it's
set to 50, which is quite a lot of
emails. So, if we're just going to be
using this for the recent amount of
emails um in our inbox, this should be
pretty perfect for that. And then that
is good to go. So, I can rename this to
get get emails from inbox. And now with
just these three tools added, we're
going to be able to not only send
emails, create drafts if we need to, but
also get all of the emails from our
inbox as well. They can all work
together. So, it's not just a workflow
where one tool is going to get random.
We can look at our inbox, determine what
kind of emails we have in there. Based
on that, we can send a draft, we can
send an email, we can write up emails
based on that. Uh, really, whatever we
tell it to do, it will be able to handle
it. So now, in order to actually respond
back to our main agent from this
particular email agent, I'm just going
to do an edit field. So, if we jump into
the end of the step here, we'll type
edit fields. We'll be able to set a
field that we want to specifically send
back to our agent. So, we get a lot of
control over this, but for the most
part, I'm just going to be sending back
the AI response uh to our main agent.
Once that's added in, we're just going
to create a new field here, and I'm just
going to call it response, and that is
going to be then read by our main agent
as the actual response that's coming
back. We're going to populate this field
here with the AI output. We do need to
run it, though, in order to actually get
that field to be able to actually
populate. So, I'll hit save and I'll go
and try to give this thing a run once
again. So, I'll hit execute workflow.
Try and see if I can get it to send Greg
an email once again. That will get sent
off. Look at this tool. That should come
through. Doesn't look like I've set it
up enough to actually use it. So, I'm
going to jump into the email agent. So,
that ran through perfectly. And what I
can do is just hit copy to editor and
then we can actually use those values
that that ran through with. So, it hit
our email agent. It sent an email off to
probably Greg. So, in this case, we can
have a look at this and see what it did.
It sent an email to Greg for a lunch
request. Please make my lunch. great
email format there and that sent it off
and then it hit this edit field. We can
jump into here and just take the output
and drag it in. So we'll hit save and
then jump back to our main agent right
here. We do need to configure the email
here to actually get the response back
as well. So that's all good to go. If we
jump into our email agent, we can
actually see the response coming back
from the output with the response from
our email agent as to what actually
occurred in the in the last run. Uh, and
now we can use that and reference it in
the text message that is sent off to the
user on Telegram. So, we're all good to
go now on that connection. I'm now going
to do some prompting to make sure that
this system works really well and can
communicate with all the different tools
and it's going to be, you know, actually
useful for us. So, if I jump into the
email agent right here, we can add in a
a main system message. If we click into
the options here, and this system
message will just be pretty much telling
it that it's specifically an email
agent. It's got access to these three
different types of tools and based on
the user request, use it appropriately.
Use the ones that you think is going to
be most relevant. So, you are an email
AI agent. You have access to send an
email, draft an email, and read the
email inbox. If an inquiry is not very
important or or seems easy to respond
to, please use the send an email tool.
If an inquiry is critical or seems
important, please use the draft an email
tool so a team member can respond to it.
This is very critical to our business.
So, please choose wisely. We'll do a
little bit of emotional prompting there
to make sure that it understands the
importance of obviously sending as
opposed to drafting. And then at the
end, if you need some context on our
inbox, please use the get emails tool to
retrieve the 50 latest emails from the
inbox. So that's should be good enough
for a very basic first shot prompt
there. We can also add descriptions for
each of these so that it understands
exactly what, you know, each individual
tool is going to be used for. It's got
context for the name of each tool, so it
should do a pretty good job. But we can
also add in the tool description at the
top here, where you can see it's set
automatically, but we can set it
manually if we'd like as well. Um,
really don't think we even need to. I
think it's very, very basic for this use
case. So, to test if this is actually
working, we're going to hit execute
workflow, and I'm going to give it maybe
a critical uh email that we want to
send, and we want to have it put in a
draft and not actually get sent out. So,
hey, Greg has fallen over in the office.
We require an we require medical
assistance
immediately and we need these specific
types of medication to help out.
Band-aids
and a stretcher. Given it a pretty
intense example here of Greg who's
fallen over in the office. We'll send
that over to the agent and see if we're
able to process that. See what our agent
decides to do with it. So, Telegram has
come back. I've created a draft email
requesting urgent medical assistance
with band-aids and a stretch. Would you
like me to send it now or keep it as a
giraffe? So, awesome. Jump back into our
executions here and have a look at the
latest one. We'll see what ton of theory
went behind this, but it looks like it
did exactly what we needed it to. The
email agent processed exactly what was
going on. And if I jump into my Gmail
here, I've got this draft that came up.
Hi, Greg. Greg has fallen over the
office. Requires immediate medical
assistance. Urgently need bandage
stretcher to help out. So obviously
there is uh obviously you wouldn't be
sending an email to Greg if Greg is the
one that's fallen over. So a little bit
of context mismatch in that case. I
didn't really give it a good message to
tell it who to actually send this email
off to which is something that I should
have done. But otherwise this is pretty
much done exactly what you'd want it to.
It's given us a good email format.
Doesn't really look too AI generated at
all. It looks very standard and we can
just jump in here, put a recipient and
send that message off. So that's
perfect. Doing exactly what we'd expect
it to. And I'm going to leave that for
our email agent for now. Now I'm going
to jump into building out our calendar
and appointment booking agent. Once
again creating a brand new workflow for
our appointment booking flow. Right here
I'm going to click on add a step. We're
going to be using the when executed by
another workflow. We're going to add in
two different fields. One for our
request and one for the telegram ID.
Once that's done, we're going to now
create our AI agent by jumping into the
agent step. We're going to swap it over
from the chat trigger node to being a
defined below. I'm going to rename this
agent to be our appointment booking
personal agent. Whatever name doesn't
really matter. We can jump back into our
main agent. We're going to create the
brand new tool. We're going to click
into here. Call Naden workflow tool.
We're going to then select our
appointment booking personal agent.
We've then got our two fields down here.
We're going to put the we're going to
let the AI define this. And then the
telegram ID is going to come from our
from ID. And we're going to drag and
drop that right in there. Once again,
I'm going to just call it appointment
booking to make it super simple. And now
that is mostly all connected. Jumping
into here, I'm probably just going to
delete this agent just so we can
actually get the fields to populate so
we can make it easy for ourselves. I am
going to hit save. I'm going to come
over here and I am going to prompt this
into our our workflow so it actually
knows that this exists. So, I'm going to
tell it that please use our calendar
tool when you need to use it. Once
again, that's probably the world's worst
prompt, but it will get it done at least
once for us. And I probably am going to
rename this from the appointment booking
tool to the calendar tool because it's
not just going to be used for
appointment booking. So, just to make it
a little bit clear across all of our
different flows. I might rename this
calendar booking, calendar booking as
well. And then we might just need to
update this as well to be calendar
booking. Done that automatically.
Awesome. Hit save and we'll give it a
go. Hi, can you please book in a doctor
appointment for Greg? See if that goes
through. See if we can hit the calendar.
There we go. Awesome. Calendar has been
hit. Jump back into here and our
executions should have ran. There we go.
I will then copy the editor if we can
get the right values through. And if we
look into here, we'll see that we've got
the request and the telegram ID, which
is awesome. We'll then click plus AI AI
agents and then define below. And then
in here, request is coming through.
Perfect. So we'll just add a chat model
once again. Open router as always. We're
then going to be adding in our memory.
Simple memory. This is then going to be
coming from our Telegram ID. So defined
below. Telegram ID as the key. All good
to go once again like we did it before.
I'll rename this agent the calendar
agent just to make it super nice for our
naming convention. And then we can jump
into the main stuff for our calendar
agent which is going to be looking at
Google calendar. So I can just type for
the Google calendar. And once again,
really awesome. They've got all of the
Google tools and and whatever functions
you'd need pretty much all here on edit
end. So, we can click Google calendar
tool. And now we can jump into this,
which is very similar to the setup of
the Gmail agent. It's going to allow us
to to book in appointments. It's going
to allow us to look up calendar events
on our actual calendar and do whatever
we want with it. So, make sure to
connect your Google calendar account at
the top here with your credential.
Pretty easy to do, actually. It just
allows you to do a direct authentication
login. So, you just log in with your
email and password and then it's good to
go. Then below this, we've got the
resource, which is going to be creating
an event. And then we've got the
operation, which is going to be create.
So, we're creating an event. And then
below this, we've got calendar. If you
use multiple calendars on your one
Google calendar, you can select the
specific one. In my case, I want to set
some meetings. And then below this,
we've got a start and an end time. And
I'm just going to let the AI decide
this. Obviously, the time of the
appointment booking is going to be
dependent on what the user wants. And we
can very easily just set this to let the
AI decide when it should start, when it
should end. Um, and we can prompt the
rest of it. So I'll rename this once
again. We'll just do create create event
just to make it super simple. Now one
really important thing to note is that
because we are using the AI to define
when we're going to be looking at the
events on our calendar, our AI doesn't
have any context as to what today's date
is. So we do need to give it some
context. We do need to tell it what
today's date is so it has some context
as to when to look on the calendar. So
if we ask about the events that are
happening tomorrow, we want to be able
to have context of today being Friday
and tomorrow being Saturday or whatever
day obviously we can do that by giving
it that context. And so I'll jump into
the calendar agent right here and just
add this into the system message and
just give it more prompting as well to
make it really wellrounded. So you are a
calendar agent. you you have access to
create calendar events as well as check
our calendar for events. You need you
need to ensure you check the right dates
with the current time. This is the
current date and time. And if I just
quickly look over to the left hand side
where you see variables and context. If
I just click into this, you're going to
get a drop down with some values that
come through. And you're going to see
that we've got a now and a today field.
So this is for our sort of current
dates. And this is what we're going to
be using to reference in our system to
have that context that we need for it to
be relevant on for the dates. And so I
can either put today, which is just
going to set the time to to zero, or we
can put in now, which is going to do the
exact time. We'll use the exact time. I
think there's no reason not to. So,
we'll drag and drop that in here. And
now this has context on the exact date
and time. And just for a little bit of
prompt conditioning, I'm going to say,
please ensure you use this date and time
when looking up emails, when looking up
events. So, that's good to go. We'll hit
save. So, before I give it a go and see
if it works, we are obviously going to
add in our edit fields right here. We're
going to be creating the response field
right here. I'm adding in the value of
the AI output. So, we do need to run it
to obviously actually get that field uh
once again. So, we'll just hit delete,
hit save, and then we'll just run it.
So, I'll just say to try again or I'll
just tell it to create an event for
tomorrow. I have a con. I have a meeting
with a client. I'll just tell it it is
from 1 to 2:00 p.m. See if that works.
We'll send it off. See if it hits
through. should hit the calendar booking
agent. Jump into here. This should now
be getting hit with an execution. We can
see that it is right here. And it looks
like we have hit the create event which
is perfect. I can jump into this and see
what actually happened. We can see it's
been set for tomorrow. And we can see
that it's been set for 2:00 as the end
date time and 1:00 as the start. So that
is awesome. Um that has been sent
through. So that is good to go. I am
going to hit copy to editor to get all
of the values from that execution. Hit
that and then we can pretty much unpin.
and that'll pin the new data. And then
we can drag the calendar agent to edit
the field. And then in here, obviously,
we've got our response from the calendar
agent, which says that the meeting has
been scheduled. Um, and it's just sort
of a response there, which is cool. That
will then get sent back to our Telegram
agent uh that we can then use in our
conversation. So, jumping back here,
clicking to our calendar booking. It
looks like the output actually was
already coming through anyway. We didn't
need to set that field. Uh, but we do
like to set the field anyway, so that it
doesn't just say output, it actually
says response. um can help our agent get
the context that it needs to understand
this is actually the response that's
came through from this particular tool
call. Um so it's a good thing and a good
thing to have control over. So before I
build out the last tool which is going
to be used for research and connecting
into tools like Wikipedia and Plexity to
do a bit more deep research within our
personal assistant here, I'm going to
give it a go. I'm going to try it out.
I'm going to see if we can send some
emails, do some calendar bookings, check
our calendar, and just see if it's
working at the moment. Um and do some
voice triggers as well. And we do
actually need to test this because we
actually have to reference our
transcriber recording field into each of
our agents and send through that as its
regular text. So we do need to do this
anyway. So I'll do that and then we can
start to play around with it uh and see
how it works. So super simple. I'll hit
execute workflow. I'll jump into
Telegram and give it a message. Hey, can
you send an email off to Greg once again
and then also book a meeting with Greg
for tomorrow at 4 p.m.? So there you go.
It went through and like I said, we
haven't actually referenced the
information to be able to use this uh
voice recording, but what we can do is
have a look at our transcriber
recording. Hey, can you send an email
off to Greg once again and then book a
meeting with Greg for tomorrow at 4 p.m.
Awesome. That transcribed it perfectly.
We can jump into our assistant right
here. And then what we can do is just
reference it again. And in order to do
that, what we can do is just delete the
connection directly from this into our
agent and just plug it directly into the
edit field. And the reason that we're
doing that is so we can set that edit
field to exactly the same sort of
variable and value that was set from our
initial telegram trigger. And jumping
into our edit field right here. We're
just going to create a new field and
then just copy telegram text. And then
we're going to populate it with the
actual voice note that comes through. So
I'll hit save and I'll just send through
a new voice mode so we can actually get
that value populating. Execute workflow.
Hey, can you send an email to Greg
telling him that we're going to get
donuts after work today? So that'll send
through. Hopefully that'll hit the edit
field and we can actually use it. It'll
probably start to reference that. But if
jump into edit fields, we can now we can
now scroll down, transcribe a recording,
and then just chuck that into here. And
now we can actually use this same
variable uh throughout the conversation,
which is nice. Hit save. It errored
there obviously because we weren't
referencing anything. And we can
probably just organize this a little bit
if you'd like to to make it not so
messy. We can drag that all the way
there. And maybe we can add add these up
here. You can obviously do this however
you'd like. Uh but ultimately that is
all now connected. So let's give this a
final run through. I'll just exit out of
this particular workflow it's running
right here. We'll hit execute workflow
and I'm going to give it a good request.
Hey, can we send an email off to Greg
just telling him about a meeting that I
want to schedule for tomorrow from 3 to
4 p.m. Uh so this meeting is just going
to be a brief rundown about the project
that we're working on. Um nothing too
crazy. So I've sent that off. We'll see
what happens there. I made it a little
bit tricky for it telling it to not only
send an email but also do the calendar
booking. So, we'll see if it's able to
to process that. Uh, with the with the
basic prompts that I have, they've
obviously not that great of a prompt
that I currently have. So, email agent
triggered doesn't look like the calendar
booking agent triggered. Honestly, not
too surprised about that based on how
how poor my prompt is and how poor my my
question was there. But, we can see the
email did get sent off, which is
perfect. It obviously Greg's not a real
person, so it didn't go anywhere. But,
hi, I would like to schedule a meeting
with you tomorrow from 3:00 to 4 p.m.
It'll be a brief rundown about the
project. So, it actually looks like the
agent in this case decided that Greg
needed to confirm the appointment with
time, which is cool. It didn't just book
it in right away. Uh, but that's just
something to do with, you know,
prompting and setup and however you'd
like it based on preference. And then if
we look at Telegram once again as well,
the email to Greg about the meeting
scheduled with a brief rundown has been
sent. If you need any further
assistance, feel free to ask. So, we're
getting a response back as well. It's
talking back to us, which is awesome.
So, the final agent that I'm going to
showcase how to build out will be a
research agent. This is going to be able
to plug into Perplexity as well as
Wikipedia to do some really deep
research. Something that you're going to
be able to just talk to it very easily
and it's going to have context on
obviously not only your email and your
calendar, but to be able to do research
and if it needs to use them all
together, it's going to have the
capability to do that. So, for example,
if you wanted to send an email to Greg
about some facts about something, uh
it's obviously going to be able to do
the proper research on Plexity to get
the proper facts and do the research on
Wikipedia uh and just really give a good
amount of context in our workflow. So
creating our research agent, we should
be able to speedrun this by now as you
know how to build all those other agents
and connect them into our main agent.
But for our research agent, obviously
once again it's going to be executed by
another workflow. I'm going to rename
this uh for our research agent. So
research agent personal assistant just
for naming convention sake. We'll put
that in there. Make sure that's saved.
Jump back to our main agent. Create a
new tool called edit and workflow. We're
going to choose the research agent.
We're then going to hit the save button
on our end here. I'm going to rename
this just the research agent to make it
super super simple. I'll jump back into
our research agent. We do want to
probably give it a little bit of
prompting so that we can send through
our our values here. But I'm going to
give it both of the fields that we need.
So this is going to be the request as
well as the Telegram ID. So we got both
of them all connected there. We'll hit
save. Once we done that, it'll then
populate here. If we hit refresh, we got
the request which we are going to
automatically populate with AI of course
and then telegram ID is going to come
from telegram ID here. That's all good
to go. I'll fix up my main system prompt
here to give a context about the
research. If you need to do any research
or say deep research on any topic,
please use the research tool. Once
again, really basic prompt. Would not
recommend doing that prompt. for
anything other than a demo. Then for our
research agent, we can obviously click
into it here, but I've got on a tab. We
can now create our new agent for this.
I'm going to hit execute workflow here.
And I'm going to go to Telegram. Please
do some research on restaurants
in the area of San France. San Francisco
for donuts. Greg Greg likes them. See,
see what happens there. So, messages
coming through. Hopefully, we can do
some research. So, I just ran a quick
test and realized there was one thing
that we do need to change in the edit
fields. If we are going to be sending
text and we are going to be sending the
voice, we can't have this set as the
exact same variable names. We do just
have to change them up a little bit. So,
we'll change it to Telegram text type
and we've got Telegram text for the
voice. Uh, two different variables. And
then we're just going to reference both
of them when we are in the prompt of the
user message. Just put them both in
there so it can get either one of them
depending on which one gets called.
Otherwise, I'm going to tell it to do
some research on restaurants in the area
of San Francisco for donuts. And Greg
likes them. So, we're going to send them
off. Hit execute workflow and see if we
can get a a research agent to trigger
here. Looks like it did, which is
awesome. Jump into here, and we can see
that that came through, which is
perfect. So, we'll jump into creating
our agent. Now, that is going to be
referencing everything that came from
the request. So, we'll change it to
define below. Request is going to get
thrown into here. We'll add our open
router chat model. Once again, I'm going
to swap it over to this key. We're using
the 4.1 mini model. Obviously, you can
use whichever model that you'd like.
Session ID is going to be linked to our
Telegram ID. Once again, we're getting
context across every single agent. And
then for our tools, I'm going to be
using Perplexity. So, if you're not
familiar with Perplexity, it's sort of
combining search engine indexing with
large language models, which allows us
to get more recent and up-to-date
information from our outputs. Obviously,
if we're going to be researching
restaurants or local areas or news,
anything like that, we don't want to
rely on a large language model for that
because it hasn't been trained on recent
information or at least it's been
trained on information maybe that's a
few months out of date or a few years
out of date and that is not going to be
good for doing recent research. So,
we'll add Plexity here. I've already
connected my Perplexity account. It's
very easy to do. Just go to Plexity and
create an API key. You might need to put
$5 or $10 in credits, but once it's
working, it will work right away. just
connect it with with that key. And then
what we're going to be doing is
messaging a model. Super simple, just
like any sort of AI model that we're
going to be that we're going to be
making a call to. For the model, they've
got a few different models here with
deep research, pro, reasoning, reasoning
pro. I don't know why they have so many
different names here for different types
of models. You can do the research as to
which one's best for which. I'm just
going to keep it on the basic one. I'm
going to let our AI agent define what
we're going to be sending off to our
research agent here. Otherwise, that's
pretty much all that I'm going to be
configuring for this. And if you do want
to take it up a notch and have images
come through, this is something that
Plexity can help out with as well
because we are indexing real URLs, you
can pull back real websites and sources
and images and everything through this.
If we click on add an option down here,
you will see return images is something
we can turn on and just toggle that on
and it will return those URLs that we
can reference. Uh, and if you want to,
you can have them sent back to the main
agent and the main agent can provide
images in the Telegram response for
whatever reason that you want to do
that. Or if you want to have those
images then sent back to your email
agent to send them off to to Greg in an
email for whatever reason, you can start
to think of the use cases and capability
and flexibility of this system really
all talking to each other. Otherwise,
I'm also going to be adding in the
Wikipedia tool. So, jumping into here
and looking into Wikipedia, I did go
ahead and add in the Wikipedia module.
Although it looks like this module has
been deprecated or for whatever reason
it's just not working on my particular
instance here. It says that this node
does not have any parameters which is a
bit of a shame. I used to use this quite
a bit for doing research uh through just
you know particular Wikipedia articles
although it looks like it may have been
deprecated on Nadn. Not sure what's
going on here otherwise we're just going
to be referencing perplexity. So I'll
rename this agent to be our research
agent. Once again doesn't make a
difference really to the actual
functionality just a naming thing. And
then we can prompt this if we'd like to
tell it that you are a research agent.
You will expand on what the user is
looking for and send this into
perplexity to look up the latest
information on this request. Please be
detailed and get the most out of the
response. So just getting it to to
expand upon it. send it to Plexity, get
as much as we can out of it so that we
can get the most detailed response
possible. And now that is pretty much
all set up. We're able to to talk to
Plexity pretty easily just through this
particular agent here. Jumping back, we
can now obviously call our research
agent when we need to. Obviously, in
this particular case, we wouldn't really
be doing this entire setup if we're just
going to be doing one tool call. If we
wanted to talk to Wikipedia and do some
web scraping and pulling through images,
then definitely building out a separate
agent here is necessary. So, I've done
that in this case. Uh but if you are
just doing one tool call, I would just
recommend adding it as a tool to the
personal assistant agent here as that
would just speed it up uh just a little
bit. Otherwise, let's give this entire
system a run through and see if we can
send an email, book some events in a
calendar, and do some research allinone
from our agent. So, execute workflow or
jump into Telegram and give it a
request. Hey there. I'd really like to
send an email off to Greg giving him
some research on the the best
restaurants in San Francisco to get
donuts at. Once we have made that
research and you found all of the good
restaurants, we're going to send an
email off to Greg, but we're also going
to go ahead and book an appointment
directly in for tomorrow from 5 to 6:00
p.m. And this is going to be where Greg
and I go and eat these donuts. So, let's
see if it's able to process that.
Obviously, I've put a bit amount of
context into that. Uh, but let's see if
we can send an email, book an event, and
also do some research as well. So, it's
going through. Doesn't look like it's
hitting research at the moment.
Hopefully, it does. Might need a little
bit of better prompting to do the
research there. Uh, but it looks like it
sent an email and done a calendar
booking. So, I am going to do a little
bit of better prompting to make sure we
can hit the research agent that the
email is actually a bit better.
Obviously, my prompting here is is
pretty terrible. Uh, so it hasn't, you
know, decided to use the research agent
in this case. Um, this is definitely not
a production system, so you would not be
doing such a terrible prompt as this.
But if you need to do any deep research
on any topic, please use the research
tool. For example, if you need to look
up nearby nearby locations, please use
the research tool. So, we'll kind of
force it to do that, but obviously you
don't need to do this. Um, this is just
to give it an example. Give it other
examples, and it should be able to
handle more stuff that is similar to
this. Um, but otherwise just to get it
to work. Hey, can you please send an
email off to Greg letting him know that
we're going to be getting donuts
tomorrow in the San Francisco area from
5 to 6:00 p.m. If you could also book
the appointment right away. We don't
have to ask Greg at all. Just book it in
for 5 to 6 p.m. with Greg. Greg's email
is greginflate.
Also, do some research. So, we want to
be doing some research on the doughut
places in the San Francisco area. So, do
some research and then just send some of
the options off to Greg. And there we
go. All agents were just triggered in
that request. We got some emails sent
out. We got a calendar booked in. And we
got our research agent going as well.
This is the appointment it just made
with Greg. So, appointment with Greg for
tomorrow at 5:00 to 6 p.m., which is
awesome. That's exactly when I wanted to
do it. It even set the location here to
San Francisco. And it also added a
description at the bottom here saying
going to eat donuts with Greg. And this
right here is the email that it also
sent off to Greg as well, telling him
that we've got an appointment tomorrow
from 5:00 to 6:00 p.m. to go eat donuts
in San Francisco. And here are some of
the best places that I've researched
that it has found as well. And if we
have a look at the actual researched
agent and look at Perplexity, you'll see
all the research that it did here and
you'll see that it's got some articles
that it read through. You'll see that
it's got a lot of articles that I went
through with the best donuts in San
Francisco. bunch of other articles here
as well as to everything that I did
research on that went back to the
research agent and sent through a bunch
of different locations that we could go
to which was obviously emailed to Greg
as well. So there we have it. We've now
got our multi- AI agent personal
assistant system which I can get on
Telegram on my phone wherever in the
world I am and I can tell it to send an
email to whoever. We can get it to book
appointments whenever and we can get it
to do some deep research and all be
interconnected with each other as well.
We can research stuff and then send it
off to people, book events, and it can
all talk to each other. And not only
that, but it's going to have memory of
everything that's happening as well. So
each individual agent will have memory
on the entire Telegram transcript that I
had as well. Now, just a quick note, I
just checked my YouTube analytics and it
turns out that 80% of you are actually
not subscribed. So chances are if you
check the subscribe button, you're
probably not subscribed. So if you could
subscribe, that would be awesome. And if
you could like the video, that would be
amazing as well. And if you do see a
hype button, which is kind of like a new
feature by YouTube, click that button
cuz it actually really helps out. And if
you do want to learn how to build these
NEN AI workflows without having to do
any of the sort of manual building
yourself and and you want to use NN's
new AI workflow builder, check out my
video on it right Yo.